# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## 2.1.1

This release is very minor. It converts instances of
`Union[str, None] = None` to `Optional[str] = None`. I'm not entirely
sure how I managed to let that Union type-hinting slip past.

Commit hash for this release is available [here](https://github.com/Kreusada/Ordinary/commit/36a77196a0b71569ee1376b381baa4dea04b8a45).

Patch by Kreusada.

## 2.1.0

This version adds `load()` and `dump()` methods, similarly to the JSON
module, with documentation for each. Please see the README for more details
on these methods.

This version also adds `__all__` and custom `__dir__` to the module, with
improved type hinting.

Commit hash for this release is available [here](https://github.com/Kreusada/Ordinary/commit/abc6cf04b0ceef8f7076b82670d65c40debfd37b).

Patch by Kreusada.

## 2.0.1

Fixed `temporary_delimiter()` from internally raising TypeErrors
in the re-raise statement, where it would say that the exception
object was not callable.

Added tests.

Commit hash for this release is available [here](https://github.com/Kreusada/Ordinary/commit/1ada80e45dd5486204355d3ce886320e440bb9c0).

Patch by Kreusada.

## 2.0.0

This is the first major version bump to this module.

**Breaking changes**

- The command line interface has been deprecated without notice, but may
    return in the distant future.
- `DELIMITER` has been privatized to `_delimiter`. You can now use the
    `get_delimiter()` function to get the module's current delimiter.

**New features**

- The `temporary_delimiter()` context manager has been added. This allows
    you to temporarily change the delimiter whilst inside a with clause.
    This function has an after kwarg which you can use to define the
    delimiter it sets to when the context manager exits. If left undefined,
    or if None is passed, the module will set the delimiter to it's
    previous state once the context manager has exited.
- The `get_delimiter()` function has been added. Its a public method you
    can use to get the delimiter instead of accessing a private attribute.

**Documentation changes**

- Added documentation for `temporary_delimiter()`.
- Added documentation for `get_delimiter()`.
- Added documentation for `set_delimiter()` (missed from 1.2.0).
- Updated module docstring with shortdocs for each new method.

Commit hash for this release is available [here](https://github.com/Kreusada/Ordinary/commit/4ac78b303b109e86704f7c583857052e1f12cdc4).

Patch by Kreusada.

## 1.2.0

This release introduces delimiter customization, meaning you can change
the delimiter that gaps ordinal values. Introducing the `set_delimiter()`
function, which takes a string with length 1. Functions will continue to
behave based on the `DELIMITER` constant, which can now be set through the
provided exposed method.

Commit hash for this release is available [here](https://github.com/Kreusada/Ordinary/commit/f0926679bd0f9b7247eebb8671ef5f23e1c4e031).

Patch by Kreusada.

## 1.1.0

This release hotfixes some errors that were risen when strings weren't
stripped inside the list generated by str.splitlines(). This meant that
a 0 length string could be passed to `decode()` if the cutoff kwarg was
passed to `encode()`. This has now been patched.

Commit hash for this release is available [here](https://github.com/Kreusada/Ordinary/commit/94b547e4588d44a53c7f2483e9ba28e21efb9a94).

Patch by Kreusada.

## 1.0.0

This is the initial release for Ordinary. It contains the following original
methods:

- `encode()`
- `decode()`
- `parse()`
- `safeparse()`

Delimiter is referenced as `DELIMITER` in the global scope. This is not
conventionally settable through any exposed methods. A command line interface
is available and usable in a human-friendly manner.

Commit hash for this release is available [here](https://github.com/Kreusada/Ordinary/commit/d7d2160070b2071c8bf499b25721550575a87460).
